capital = 314

oob = "CAL_2027"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	melee_weapons = 1  
	ranged_weapons_upgrade = 1
	ranged_weapons = 1
	ranged_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_training = 1
	infantry_armor1 = 1
	army_uniform = 1
		
	nsb_armored_car_1 = 1	
		
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train = 1
		
	light_artillery = 1
	light_artillery1 = 1
	
	primitive_aircraft = 1
	fighter_0 = 1
		
	drone_0 = 1

	nsb_bicycle = 1
	nsb_truck_1 = 1
	nsb_sidecar = 1
	nsb_mbt_0 = 1

	wind_farm = 1
	power_generation = 1
}


set_convoys = 20

add_manpower = 3500
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.3

recruit_character = CAL_ricardus_calisius
recruit_character = CAL_rafal_chwedoruk
recruit_character = CAL_pawel_delag
recruit_character = CAL_andrzej_kompa
recruit_character = CAL_wojciech_ziolkowski
recruit_character = CAL_przemyslaw_bojarczuk
recruit_character = CAL_krystian_kinastowski
recruit_character = CAL_dariusz_bieniek
recruit_character = CAL_canius
recruit_character = CAL_dieudonne
recruit_character = CAL_sylwiusz_jakubowski
recruit_character = CAL_skarzynski
recruit_character = CAL_kaleta
recruit_character = CAL_luszczykiewicz
recruit_character = CAL_darwich
recruit_character = CAL_malecki


set_variable = { CAL_populares_gravitas = 80 }
set_variable = { CAL_optimates_gravitas = 30 }
set_variable = { CAL_legiones_gravitas = 5 }
set_variable = { CAL_praetoriae_gravitas = 10 }
set_variable = { CAL_emperor_gravitas = 100 }

set_variable = { CAL_populares_loyalty = 90 }
set_variable = { CAL_optimates_loyalty = 80 }
set_variable = { CAL_legiones_loyalty = 40 }
set_variable = { CAL_praetoriae_loyalty = 50 }

add_ideas = {
    CAL_min_malecki
	CAL_min_chwedoruk
	CAL_min_delag
	CAL_min_kompa
	CAL_surrender
	CAL_ager_publicus
	CAL_civic_faith
	CAL_civic_army
	two_party_system
	state_press
	basic_security
	witch_doctors
	no_subsidies
	random_enlistment
	training_battle
	officer_random
	economy_regulated_capitalism
	taxes_medium
	trade_regulated
	lgbt_limited_laws
	drugs_all_penalised
	women_traditional_roles
	minorities_equal_rights
	partial_secularism
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = socialdemocrature
	last_election = "2027.3.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	marxism_cranism	= 0
	squattism = 4
	socialdemocrature = 40
	euroliberalism = 0
	freemarketism = 0
	paternal_conservatism = 0
	autocracy = 44
	corporativism = 0
	neonationalism = 5
	reactionary = 7
	postpolonism = 0
}
