capital = 240
add_manpower = 5000

oob = "FEL_2027"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
		melee_weapons = 1  
		ranged_weapons_upgrade = 1
		ranged_weapons = 1
		ranged_weapons1 = 1
		infantry_training = 1
		infantry_armor1 = 1
		army_uniform = 1
		
		tech_support = 1
		basic_train = 1
		
		light_artillery = 1
		light_artillery1 = 1
		
		primitive_aircraft = 1
		fighter_0 = 1
		
		drone_0 = 1

		nsb_bicycle = 1
		nsb_truck_1 = 1
		nsb_sidecar = 1
		nsb_mbt_0 = 1

		wind_farm = 1
power_generation = 1
}



set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = FEL_jacek_kowalski
recruit_character = FEL_krzesimir_debski
recruit_character = FEL_henryk_kasperczak
recruit_character = FEL_beata_kozidrak
recruit_character = FEL_jacek_wojcicki
recruit_character = FEL_remigiusz_mierzchala
recruit_character = FEL_zbigniew_targonski
recruit_character = FEL_lukasz_piatek
recruit_character = FEL_radzimir_debski
recruit_character = FEL_daniel_kubas
recruit_character = FEL_radoslaw_sikora
recruit_character = FEL_adam_drath
recruit_character = POZ_adam_duda
recruit_character = POZ_michal_rozga
recruit_character = POZ_krzysztof_kuba
recruit_character = POZ_jaroslaw_muszynski
recruit_character = POZ_adam_dabrowski
recruit_character = POZ_rafal_wojciechowski
recruit_character = POZ_mariusz_wozniak
recruit_character = POZ_michal_rohde
recruit_character = POZ_ireneusz_nowak

add_ideas = {
    FEL_min_debski
	FEL_min_kasperczak
	FEL_min_kozidrak
	FEL_min_wojcicki
	FEL_golden_liberty
	multiparty
	absolute_freedom
	basic_security
	public_healthcare
	civil_industry_subsidies
	random_enlistment
	training_veterans
	officer_leftovers
	economy_regulated_capitalism
	taxes_medium
	trade_promoted
	lgbt_equal_laws
	drugs_all_penalised
	women_gender_equality
	minorities_multiculturalism
	full_secularism
    }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = socialdemocrature
	last_election = "2027.3.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	marxism_cranism	= 0
	squattism = 0
	socialdemocrature = 70
	euroliberalism = 25
	freemarketism = 0
	paternal_conservatism = 0
	autocracy = 0
	corporativism = 0
	neonationalism = 0
	reactionary = 0
	postpolonism = 5
}

