capital = 39

oob = "GDA_2027"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

 		mtg_transport = 1
		melee_weapons = 1  
		ranged_weapons_upgrade = 1
		ranged_weapons = 1
		ranged_weapons1 = 1
		infantry_training = 1
		infantry_armor1 = 1
		army_uniform = 1
		special_forces_equipment = 1
		
		tech_support = 1
		basic_train = 1
		
		light_artillery = 1
		light_artillery1 = 1
		
		primitive_aircraft = 1
		fighter_0 = 1
		
		drone_0 = 1

		nsb_bicycle = 1
		nsb_truck_1 = 1
		nsb_sidecar = 1
		nsb_mbt_0 = 1

		wind_farm = 1
power_generation = 1
}

GER = {	
	set_autonomy = {
		target = GDA
		autonomous_state = autonomy_euroassociate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}	
}

set_cosmetic_tag = GDA_Trojmiasto_UE
set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = GDA_aleksandra_dulkiewicz
recruit_character = GDA_adamowiczDOS
recruit_character = GDA_piotr_adamowicz
recruit_character = GDA_magdalena_adamowicz
recruit_character = GDA_agnieszka_buczynska
recruit_character = GDA_agnieszka_pomaska
recruit_character = GDA_malgorzata_chmiel
recruit_character = GDA_bogdan_borusewicz
recruit_character = GDA_roman_kopka
recruit_character = GDA_miroslaw_guzdek
recruit_character = GDA_tomasz_laskowski
recruit_character = GDA_michal_pietrzak
recruit_character = GDA_dariusz_tylki
recruit_character = GDA_marcin_lyskanowski
recruit_character = GDA_janusz_wisniewski
recruit_character = GDA_andrzej_plocha
recruit_character = GDA_tomasz_hintz
recruit_character = GDA_tomasz_szubrycht

add_ideas = {
	GDA_dull_jewel_of_european_union
	GDA_legacy_of_late_president
}

add_ideas = {
	GDA_min_madalena_adamowicz
	GDA_min_piotr_adamowicz
	GDA_min_malgorzata_chmiel
	GDA_min_bogdan_borusewicz

	multiparty
	autocensorship
	basic_security
	partial_refundation
	basic_social
	system_enlistment
	training_western_instructors
	officer_leftovers
	economy_regulated_capitalism
	taxes_high
	trade_colonial
	energy_sustainable_mix
	diet_rationing
	lgbt_equal_laws
	drugs_decriminalised
	women_gender_equality
	minorities_equal_rights
	full_secularism
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = euroliberalism
	last_election = "2027.3.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	marxism_cranism	= 0
	squattism = 10
	socialdemocrature = 10
	euroliberalism = 25
	freemarketism = 10
	paternal_conservatism = 20
	autocracy = 0
	corporativism = 15
	neonationalism = 5
	reactionary = 5
	postpolonism = 0
}

set_country_flag = ROPA_race_start

