capital = 48

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
		melee_weapons = 1  
		ranged_weapons_upgrade = 1
		ranged_weapons = 1
		ranged_weapons1 = 1
		infantry_training = 1
		infantry_armor1 = 1
		army_uniform = 1
		special_forces_equipment = 1
		
		tech_support = 1
		basic_train = 1
		
		light_artillery = 1
		light_artillery1 = 1
		
		primitive_aircraft = 1
		fighter_0 = 1
		
		drone_0 = 1

		nsb_bicycle = 1
		nsb_truck_1 = 1
		nsb_sidecar = 1
		nsb_mbt_0 = 1
		nsb_apc_1 = 1

		wind_farm = 1
power_generation = 1
}

recruit_character = ROS_Putin
recruit_character = ROS_prigozhin
recruit_character = ROS_pieskov
recruit_character = ROS_mishustin
recruit_character = ROS_alikhanov
recruit_character = ROS_zhuravlyov
recruit_character = ROS_gerasimov
recruit_character = ROS_mizintsev
recruit_character = ROS_kochnev
recruit_character = ROS_kolpachenko
recruit_character = ROS_astapov
recruit_character = ROS_serdyukov
recruit_character = ROS_dronov
recruit_character = ROS_surovikin
recruit_character = ROS_wagner
recruit_character = ROS_mordvichev
recruit_character = ROS_kostyukov
recruit_character = ROS_vorobyov
recruit_character = ROS_yevmenov

add_ideas = {
	monoparty
	absolute_censorship
	extreme_security
	public_healthcare
	basic_income
	total_mobilisation
	training_russian_instructors
	officer_leftovers
	economy_criminal
	taxes_medium
	trade_none
	energy_full_emission
	diet_hunger
	lgbt_illegal_punished
	drugs_all_penalised
	women_working_women
	minorities_system_oppresion
	partial_secularism
	ROS_min_zguravlyov
	ROS_min_alikhanov
	ROS_min_mishtustin
	ROS_min_pieskov
}

set_convoys = 20
oob = "ROS_2027"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = autocracy
	last_election = "2027.3.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	marxism_cranism	= 10
	squattism = 3
	socialdemocrature = 5
	euroliberalism = 0
	freemarketism = 2
	paternal_conservatism = 0
	autocracy = 44
	corporativism = 0
	neonationalism = 5
	reactionary = 31
	postpolonism = 0
}
